good one
what up
the Landers using the spinning rod a
little bit of overkill for small fish
like this but we use what we have
boys have been mainly using mealworms a
few night crawlers and baby night
crawlers now and then Camden's using a
little Zebco - OH - it's actually a
fairly nice reel some of the subcode
202's aren't made all that well this
particular model isn't too bad
everybody's got a few tonight I've been
fishing on my fly rod trying to learn
how to cast on a fly rod everything I've
been catching has been on this little
black fly I'm not sure what it's called
I probably knew it one time but I tied
that on and started getting some bites
so I haven't switched out to anything
else
Oh
you